#Trivial Updates to README.me files. (#641)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/organisms/f-footer/README.md

---

## Usage

### Installation

Install the module using NPM or Yarn:

```sh
yarn add @justeat/f-footer
```

```sh
npm install @justeat/f-footer
```

### Vue Applications

You can import it in your Vue SFC like this (please note that styles have to be imported separately):

```sh
import VueFooter from '@justeat/f-footer';
import '@justeat/f-footer/dist/f-footer.css';

export default {
    components: {
        VueFooter
    }
}
```

> If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `mega-modal` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `footer` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:
```

    This component extends [@justeat/browserslist-config-fozzie](https://github.com/justeat/browserslist-config-fozzie).

## Configuration

### Props

There may be props that allow you to customise its functionality.

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop  | Type  | Default | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ------- | ----------- |

> ### CSS Classes

Reviewer: Same as above – can delete this section here.
